[Music]
you're too busy or shy to hit the gym
but you're ready to get rid of that gut
ASAP sound familiar
no worries all you need to do is give
this five minute app sculpting workout a
go everyday and you'll see a flatter
stomach in just one week you can do it
at home no special equipment needed and
it's literally the fastest workout ever
so get into some comfortable clothes and
let's do this thing
don't forget to hit that subscribe
button and ring the notification bell to
join us on the bright side standing knee
raises stand up straight with your feet
shoulder-width apart and your arms
raised above your head now
simultaneously lift your right knee as
close to your chest as you can while
engaging your abs to crunch your upper
body down put your hands around your
right knee and exhale while doing this
return to the initial position and
repeat the same thing with your left
knee keep alternating knees for the next
thirty Seconds
[Music]
floating meetups get into a push-up
position and only bend your knees at a
90 degree angle your knees should hover
above the floor and your hips should be
in line with your shoulders round your
spine and move your right knee towards
your head engage your abs as you do this
return to the initial position and
extend your right leg back remember that
throughout this motion your left knees
shouldn't touch the floor alternate legs
and keep at it for 30 seconds
if you're having trouble keeping the
lowered knee off the floor you can set
it down if it's more comfortable for you
don't worry with practice you'll get
there floating knee tucks work your
upper and lower abs to define and sculpt
them so keep going this exercise also
makes your whole core stronger it
develops overall mobility and muscle
endurance moving on
roll up and lift lie on your back with
your legs lifted at a 45-degree angle
off the floor make sure to keep them
straight your shoulders and heads should
be lifted as well keep your hands at the
sides of your knees slowly lower your
head and shoulders down to the floor and
at the same time tighten your lower abs
to lift your hips up off the ground
place your arms by your sides to control
the motion and keep doing it for 30
seconds
you ready then let's start
if you realize the lifting your hips off
the floor is too challenging right now
start with tilting your tailbone up roll
up lifts are perfect you right now star
whoops and besides they help make your
core stronger and increase your
flexibility
just remember to do the exercise slowly
you don't want to risk the back injury a
little more and stop
Superman pulses
lie down on your stomach and extend your
arms out in front of you lift your legs
and arms off the floor as high as you
can
you need to contract your glutes abs and
back muscles to do this hold this
position for two seconds and then lower
your limbs back down without letting
them touch the ground keep doing these
pulses for the next 30 seconds starting
now
[Music]
if it's too difficult to lift all your
limbs at the same time you can alternate
by lifting your right leg and left arm
together and then change to your left
leg and right arm not only does this
exercise sculpt your abs you'll also see
a more defined touch three to one and
done no time for rest let's keep moving
[Music]
bicycle crunches lie down on the mat
with your lower back tightly pressed
against the floor put your hands on both
sides of your head
engage your core to lift your shoulders
and legs up off the ground now touch
your right elbow to your left knee
straighten your body back out and then
repeat the same movement with your left
elbow and right knee keep doing this for
45 seconds
this exercise works your upper and lower
abdominal muscles as well as your
obliques and that's a great muscle group
to target if you're dealing with that
also annoying muffin-top bicycle
crunches also train your quads
hamstrings your hips and chest muscles
come on don't give up on me five four
three two one
and done
flutter kicks lie on your back with your
arms and palms down at your sides lift
your legs and kick them up and down and
this scissor like movement keep doing
this for 30 seconds
flutter kicks work magic on your lower
abs and obliques you also train your hip
flexors and thigh muscles by doing this
but just be careful and don't do the
fluttering motion too fast make sure
your lower back doesn't lift off the
ground otherwise it can result in an
injury that's better keep it up and done
oblique twist crunches lie on your back
with your knees bent and your feet flat
on the floor bring your upper body off
the ground and stretch your arms in
front of you slowly rotate your upper
body to one side once you can't go any
further reverse and rotate to the other
side keep doing this for 45 seconds
Oh bleep twist crunches are perfect for
strengthening and defining the abs and
waist the exercise involves both the
internal and external obliques which
means that not only your abs but also
your core becomes stronger as a result
it can help protect your spine and back
muscles from injuries just a little bit
more that's it you're doing great almost
there
let's move on
the twisting side plank lie down on your
right side so that your upper body is
propped up on your forearm your elbow
should be in line with your shoulder now
lift your hips up off the floor move
your left arm under your body in a twist
and then bring it back you're gonna do
it for thirty Seconds on your right side
and then thirty Seconds on your left
ready go twisting side plank is an
effective way to tone your waist and
that's because it targets the abs and
obliques it also strengthens the muscles
of your core overall
three two one and now switch to your
left side
what's cool about planking is that it's
pretty much a full-body workout in
itself besides your abs it also trains
your glutes shoulders and quads
that's it for today whoo it is a short
workout but it's definitely intense pair
these exercises with a healthy diet that
doesn't include a lot of carbs or junk
food make good lifestyle choices and
you'll see even better faster results do
you know any other effective exercises
for flat stomach and defined abs let
everybody know down in the comments
remember give this video a like share
with your friends and click subscribe to
stay on the bright side of life
you